fix(no-unused-props): treat an object spread as consuming every nested property (#1566)
sveltejs/eslint-plugin-svelte: .changeset/clever-pandas-shave.md

---
'eslint-plugin-svelte': patch
---

> fix: `svelte/no-unused-props` false positive when an object prop is consumed via an object spread and also accessed directly

Reviewer: Minor: the fix covers more than this wording suggests — the nested case (`{...a.b}` alongside `a.b.c`) is fixed too, not just top-level object props. Maybe:

```suggestion
fix: `svelte/no-unused-props` false positive when a prop is consumed via an object spread and also accessed by name
```
